[DAL] Data management: table-related type APIs described (#205)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/data_management/table.rst

     - Description

   * - :txtref:`table <table_programming_interface>`
     - A common implementation of the table concept. Base class for
       other table types.

   * - :txtref:`table_metadata <metadata_programming_interface>`
     - An implementation of :txtref:`table_metadata` concept.

   * - data_layout_
     - An enumeration of :capterm:`data layouts<data layout>` used to store
       contiguous data blocks inside the table.

   * - feature_type_
     - An enumeration of :capterm:`feature` types used in |dal_short_name| to
       define set of available operations onto the data.

---------------------------
Requirements on table types
---------------------------

Each implementation of :txtref:`table` concept shall:

1. Follow definition of the :txtref:`table concept <table>` and its restrictions
   (e.g., :capterm:`immutability`).

2. Be derived from the :expr:`oneapi::dal::table` class. The behavior of this class can be
   extended, but cannot be weaken.

3. Be :term:`reference-counted <Reference-counted object>`.

4. Every new :expr:`oneapi::dal::table` sub-type shall define a unique id number - the "kind"
   that represents objects of that type in runtime.

> The following listing provides an example of table API regarding kinds and copy-assignment operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following listing provides an example of table API to illustrate table kinds and copy-assignment operation:
```

.. code-block:: cpp

  using namespace onedal;

  // Creating homogen_table sub-type.
  dal::homogen_table table1 = homogen_table::wrap(queue, data_ptr, row_count, column_count);

  // table1 and table2 share the same data (no data copy is performed)
  dal::table table2 = table1;

  // Creating an empty table
  dal::table table3;

  std::cout << table1.get_kind()     == table2.get_kind() << std::endl; // true
  std::cout << homogen_table::kind() == table2.get_kind() << std::endl; // true
  std::cout << table2.get_kind()     == table3.get_kind() << std::endl; // false

  // Referring table3 to the table2.
  table3 = table2;
  std::cout << table2.get_kind() == table3.get_kind() << std::endl; // true

-----------
Table types
-----------

|dal_short_name| defines a set of classes that implement the
:txtref:`table` concept for a specific data format:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 30 70

   * - Table type
     - Description

   * - :txtref:`homogen_table`

>      - Dense table that contains :term:`contiguous <Contiguous data>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - A dense table that contains :term:`contiguous <Contiguous data>`
```

       :term:`homogeneous <Homogeneous data>` data.

.. _table_programming_interface:

---------------------
Programming interface
---------------------

The following declarations are defined in ``oneapi/dal/table/common.hpp`` within
``oneapi::dal`` namespace.

Table
-----

A base implementation of the :txtref:`table` concept.

.. onedal_class:: oneapi::dal::table

.. _metadata_programming_interface:

Table metadata
--------------

An implementation of the :txtref:`table_metadata` concept. Holds additional
information about data within the table. The objects of ``table_metadata`` shall
be :term:`reference-counted <Reference-counted object>`.

.. onedal_class:: oneapi::dal::table_metadata

.. _data_layout:

Data layout
-----------

> An implementation of the :capterm:`data layout` term.

Reviewer: an implementation of term? concept maybe?

::

   enum class data_layout { unknown, row_major, column_major };

.. namespace:: oneapi::dal
.. enum-class:: data_layout

   data_layout::unknown
      Represents the :capterm:`data layout` that is undefined or unknown at this moment.

   data_layout::row_major
      The data block elements are stored row-by-row.

   data_layout::column_major
      The data block elements are stored column-by-column.

.. _feature_type:

Feature type
------------

> An implementation of the data logical types.

Reviewer: logical data types?
